The math exam's final problem.
Half of our grade couldn't even make it this far.
The other half had arrived in the nick of time,
already short of the energy needed to solve it all the way.
The only ones capable of getting full marks in the time remaining...
were these two.
What was it that Nagisa-kun always used to say?
Aw... How can two fellow humans have such a gap between them?
I guess your talent's on a whole different level, Karma-kun.
Easy for you to say.
If you ask me, I'm not sure which of us is the real genius here.
What we call "talent" is the part of us that others can't see.
Like Sugino, who can slide right in with people.
Or Okuda-san, who can totally lose herself in something she loves.
Or Terasaka, who can act without giving it a single thought.
From where I stand, those are all talents.
Everyone has their own area of talent that I can't see,
so in that sense, we're all the same.
The issue here is whether I can see this problem with my own talent.
Oh, man. I definitely won't have enough time for this.
Atoms, body-centered cubic units...
I can't let these unnecessary details throw me off.
Once I get down to the essentials, it's painfully simple.
Find the volume of your own domain here in this box, surrounded by enemies.
When both sides are evenly matched,
their attacks meet in the middle.
So from there inward is my domain!
Gotcha. You won't be breaching my domain any time soon.
Eight enemies surround the inside of this cube.
So if I find the volume of the eight areas I've sealed off
and subtract it from the cube, I'm left with...
A[0], my domain!
Once I lock down this space, I'll have the correct answer!
Really, what fits me better than becoming ruler of my own domain?
A different kind of ruler than my father, mind.
Right now, he's obsessed with proving that his own "rational education" is correct.
It may break a person, but it will not educate them.
I'll set him straight and give him a piece of my mind!
To take control—
that is my duty as a son!
There it is!
The volume of one of the sealed-off areas is an aggregate of one hexagonal and three triangular pyramids!
Hang on...
This doesn't call for any tough math at all!
It's separated out into this one little cube,
but if this is an atomic crystal,
there'll be more of the same structure outside this cube too.
Which means...
the world doesn't end here!
So from where I stand, everyone has their own talent and their own domain,
and it's the same from where they stand.
All I could see from inside the box were mere fragments of everyone.
Just as I claim my own domain, everyone else will claim theirs.
We're all the same size, the same distance apart.
To occupy a given box this way,
each of us must be broken up equally into eight boxes,
so each person's fragment accounts for one-eighth.
The box holds a whole me and one-eighth each from eight people's fragments.
In other words, inside this cube,
the ratio of me to the other eight has to be one-to-one.
And if it's one-to-one inside the box,
the volume of the domain I can claim is up to half the cube!
Well, geez... This is primary-school stuff!
No need for drawn-out calculations or complex diagrams.
If you just realize the fact that there's a world outside yourself...
Time's up!
Pencils down, Asano-kun.
One more line...
Dammit! I knew the answer!
And so the surging tide of our end-of-term exams receded at last.
Now then, class,
I'll be returning your papers—an evaluation of your growth.
Did your second blades manage to reach their targets?
No grumbling about a point here or there, now.
We had only one goal going into it:
for all of you to do well enough to get into the top fifty overall.
The main campus will be posting the overall ranks right about now,
so let's unveil them here in the E Class too.
I-I...
I'm 46th?!
Isn't Terasaka dead last in the E Class?
If Terasaka-kun came in 46th... Then that means...
We did it!
We pulled down the Big Five in the battle for top spot, too—practically a perfect win!
And first place is Karma for once!
How does it feel, Karma-kun?
To go after that first-place rank on such a high-level battleground... and win?
Um, whatever, I guess.
It seems your battle against the perfection-boasting Asano-kun
came down to that final math problem.
About that...
I'm not sure exactly why,
but I don't think I could've solved it if I hadn't spent this year with you all.
That's the kind of problem it was.
It sure was a slog getting to this point, though, huh?
Our most fervent wish—besides a successful assassination, anyway!
We really did beat the A Class!
We can go to our first-pick schools!
Girls will be throwing themselves at us!
Go, us!
Yay! Girls everywhere!
Feels like a final episode to me.
Hey! It can't end yet!
You feeling okay, Takebayashi?
Yeah, it's just...
So much happened since I dropped down to the E Class,
but I'm glad I stayed.
Aw, why so glum, chum?
Weird as heck comin' from you!
Yeah, leave the ugly mugs to Terasaka.
Say what?!
Terasaka, you're choking him!
Well?
I think I can get into my dream school with this.
You want to be an architect, right?
Yeah. That's why I want a high school that's big on the sciences.
Boy, those A-class twerps must be white as sheets right about now!
I bet they never thought they'd lose to us!
For their part, the A Class did well on the first half of the exams.
But it seems more and more students got hung up on the tougher problems in the second batch of subjects.
Well, sure. You can't keep your bloodlust going for that long.
Even with daily assassination training,
it's rough staying in that frame of mind for a whole day.
If you want to enhance your performance with bloodlust, cramming won't work.
You have to nurture it slowly but surely over time.
How? How could we lose after all we went through?
With your study program, there's no way you could have won.
That's all it comes down to.
Though the scores I earned are nothing to brag about either.
I'll make good use of this frustration, that's for damn sure.
Even in high school, I'll keep winning,
and I'll be looking for ways to let you win as well.
So please...
lend me your support in turn.
Asano... Asano-kun...
Could you still say that
even after a battle on which you bet your life?
Principal Asano, sir!
Life is always a great unknown.
Will losing a battle mean losing your life as well?
You never know until the battle's over.
That's why you all need to keep on winning.
I have an obligation to teach you as much.
I'll improve your mindset by graduation time, mark my words.
Principal Asano?
It's clear to us now.
With these current methods, we can't beat the E Class.
The E Class and Asano-kun—both grew stronger through defeat.
Our strength is no match for the resilience they have.
We apologize for falling short of our goal.
If you wish, you may send us down to the E Class.
I have the feeling we can learn and grow more there.
You have your answer, sir.
Asano-kun!
That look on your face, like you're glitching out...
I might just be seeing your fatherly side at long last.
I'm fine.
If you'll excuse us, sir.
All right, students,
you've formally received your qualifications to move out of the E Class.
So is anyone looking to leave this mountain?
Of course not!
We found our second blades! This is when it gets serious!
What other environment is this suited to assassination?
Gluttons for punishment, eh?
Then for your reward, I'll tell you my crucial weakn—
The school building!
Prepare to vacate the premises.
Principal Asano!
The board came to a decision this morning.
We're tearing down this old campus building today.
I'll have you move to the new campus of our affiliate school opening next school year.
You will help us performance-test the building until your graduation.
A-A new campus?!
With surveillance and anti-escape systems drawn from correctional facilities,
one can study in a more polished environment akin to a prison.
The new E Class: the culmination of my educational theories.
B-But moving us now?
No way! We wanna graduate from this campus!
You'll carry out your educational vision to the very end, won't you?
Indeed.
But make no mistake: you are no longer useful to my education.
Therefore, this...
is where I kill you.
K-Korosensei's dismissal notice?!
He actually went there! He played his forbidden ace in the hole!
Th-That's wrongful dismissal!
It works hilariously well on this octopus.
I don't think a super-organism has any business staging a protest.
And so that you don't jump to any conclusions,
let me say that this is nothing but a tool to control my target.
I have come, Korosensei,
to kill you once and for all.
You are no longer necessary for my education, you see.
Are you serious?
I know you're superhuman and all,
but our octopus won't go down quite as easily as you think.
Hold off the demolition for now. I have some work to do inside.
Where'd that notice of dismissal come from?
What could Principal Asano be thinking?
Now, then, Korosensei... If you want to keep your job—
if you want to protect this classroom—
I'll have you join me in a little game of chance.
A game of chance?
I've prepared test review workbooks across five subjects as well as five hand grenades.
Four of them are anti-teacher grenades. One is effective on humans.
They're the real deal.
They are identical in appearance and smell,
and made such that, once their pins are pulled,
they'll explode the moment their handles begin to rise.
I shall now pull their pins
and place them carefully between random pages in the workbooks, handles in place.
You will open the book and solve whatever problem is written in the top right.
As soon as he opens it, the handle will pop up, and—
Yes. He will almost certainly be hit with an explosion.
But until he solves the problem, he may not move an inch.
You'll handle the first four books, while I'll take the last one.
If you manage to kill me or force me to withdraw,
I will permit you and the E Class to remain here.
Let's see... Ah, Terasaka-kun.
Use a formula to determine Korosensei's odds of winning.
An anti-teacher grenade explosion won't kill you,
so to do that, we'd need to avoid the real grenade until the end.
4/5 times 3/4 times 2/3 times 1/2 equals 1/5. Twenty percent.
Correct!
But the octopus has to take four deadly grenades in a row,
while you can just tap out soon as it gets ugly.
That's messed up! It's totally unfair!
Terasaka-kun.
In time, you'll find that the world is simply one injustice after another.
Especially between the weak and the strong.
That's why I've taught you to be the strong ones.
So will you give it a try?
This is also a test of how serious you are about your chosen profession.
If I were you, I'd jump right in.
Of course. Let's do it.
He threatens dismissal and concocts a game of chance that's clearly in his favor.
But there's no backing down.
Mathematically, it has better odds than any of our other attempts.
To be one of the strong—that is the mightiest blade.
Truly, this is the principal's assassination!
Open, solve, and close—do it all in one motion, and it won't explode.
With your speed, it may even be easy.
Y-Yes, of co—of course!
Plane figure calculations!
Um, well, that's an easy one! It's, you know, that thing,
where you borrow from the tens to get 3 with 4 left over, or, say, about 3 or so—
Seeing you struggle with that metal ring puzzle,
I noted how your reaction and thinking speeds drop when you're flustered.
You'll never overcome this trap.
Korosensei...
First one is a hit. Make it through three more and you win.
Now, solve the next, before you have time to recover.
You're kiddin' me! He can't take three more of those!
Is he really gonna fall to such a simple trick?
The weak can only kill the strong through assassination,
but the strong can kill the weak whenever and however they like.
I will pepper the nation with mechanisms to teach this truth.
With my money from the Ministry of Defense and the bounty from killing you,
I can build my affiliate schools all over the country.
It's always about education with him.
Now, Korosensei,
become the foundation on which I will lay my philosophy.
Surprise!
Teach Us, Kunudon!
Phew! That school festival was a real white-knuckler,
but it looks like the E Class is finally down for the count!
Show's over!
What a bunch of loser garbage!
Serves you right!
Oh!
Mr. Principal, sir, what brings you here?
Notice of dismissal!
I'm... going to the E Class?!
Jobless forever! Yay!
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past Past
Past Future Future Future Future Future Future Future
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
The moon that floats in the night sky
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
sotto furete mita atatakakute
I went to touch it: it was warm jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo
As in the figure to the right, the crystalline structure known as a
body-centered cubic unit consists of multiple cubes of edge length A
arranged periodically, with an atom at each vertex and
at the cube's center. Most alkaline metals, including Na and K,
are body-centered cubic units. For a given atom A[0] in a body-centered cubic unit,
the domain D[0] is defined as the set of all points in the space closer to A[0] than
any other atom. Find the volume of D[0].
12th Period Okuda Manami Think Outside the Box Time
My Plan (Secret)
As in the figure to the right, the crystalline structure known as a
body-centered cubic unit consists of multiple cubes of edge length A
arranged periodically, with an atom at each vertex and
at the cube's center. Most alkaline metals, including Na and K,
are body-centered cubic units. For a given atom A[0] in a body-centered cubic unit,
the domain D[0] is defined as the set of all points in the space closer to A[0] than
any other atom. Find the volume of D[0].
As in the figure to the right, the crystalline structure known as a
body-centered cubic unit consists of multiple cubes of edge length A
arranged periodically, with an atom at each vertex and
at the cube's center. Most alkaline metals, including Na and K,
are body-centered cubic units. For a given atom A[0] in a body-centered cubic unit,
the domain D[0] is defined as the set of all points in the space closer to A[0] than
any other atom. Find the volume of D[0].
As in the figure to the right, the crystalline structure known as a
body-centered cubic unit consists of multiple cubes of edge length A
arranged periodically, with an atom at each vertex and
at the cube's center. Most alkaline metals, including Na and K,
are body-centered cubic units. For a given atom A[0] in a body-centered cubic unit,
the domain D[0] is defined as the set of all points in the space closer to A[0] than
any other atom. Find the volume of D[0].
are body-centered cubic units. For a given atom A[0] in a body-centered cubic unit,
the domain D[0] is defined as the set of all points in the space closer to A[0] than
any other atom. Find the volume of D[0].
As in the figure to the right, the crystalline structure known as a
body-centered cubic unit consists of multiple cubes of edge length A
arranged periodically, with an atom at each vertex and
at the cube's center. Most alkaline metals, including Na and K,
Final Problem Akabane Karma 20/20 points
m 85 530 l 319 530 319 679 85 679
Cube volume
Final Problem Asano Gakushuu 17/20 points
m 85 530 l 319 530 319 679 85 679
Second End-of-Term Exam: Top 50
Terasaka Ryouma Sugaya Sousuke
Sugaya Sousuke Sugaya Sousuke
Sugaya Sousuke Terasaka Ryouma
Terasaka Ryouma Terasaka Ryouma
Sugaya Sousuke
Nakamura Rio Isogai Yuuma
Takebayashi Koutarou Kataoka Megu
Kanzaki Yukiko Sakakibara Ren
Akabane Karma Asano Gakushuu
Takebayashi Koutarou Akabane Karma
Asano Gakushuu Nakamura Rio
Isogai Yuuma Takebayashi Koutarou
Assassination Classroom Second Season Akabane Karma
Notice of Dismissal Notice of Dismissal
Notice of Dismissal
Workers, Rise Up!
No Wrongful Dismissals!
Asano Gakuhou should commit harakiri and die in hellfire, the tyrant!
Workers, Rise Up!
No Wrongful Dismissals!
Asano Gakuhou should commit harakiri and die in hellfire, the tyrant!
Korosensei's Weak Point #31:
Downsizing
Down with Tyrant Asano!
No Unfair Dismissals—Ever!!
And the salary's low too!!
1st Book 2nd Book 3rd Book 4th Book
5th Book 1st Book 2nd Book 3rd Book
4th Book
Teach Teach Teach us, us, us, Teach Kunundo Teach
Kunundo Teach Kunundo us, us, us, Teach Kunundo Teach
Kunundo Teach Kunundo n do n do n do us, us, us, Teach
Ku nu Teach Ku nu Teach Ku nu n do n do n do n do n do
n do do n do n do n
m 658 138 l 667 149 673 153 681 154 682 153 668 139 663 129 661 122
m 577 70 l 592 72 594 101 598 125 b 598 132 601 143 603 149 598 146 589 127 586 118
m 593 95 l 596 123 600 144 607 164 615 178 621 186 628 189 634 188 645 185 650 180 660 166 662 144 667 139 677 150 685 154 692 154 696 153 700 151 703 149 708 141 713 127 717 107 781 64 1005 74 1024 749 270 756 293 385 307 187 321 90
Notice of Dismissal: Kunudon
Frankly, you lack the elegance to be our mascot, so you're going down to the E Class. That's all, folks!